Article: EEG biomarker candidates for the identification of epilepsy 
When a patient suffers a seizure, it is not guaranteed that they will develop Epilepsy from the seizure that they experienced. Since other factors can cause a human to experience a seizure, it's hard for medical professionals to pinpoint a diagnosis for the patient. There’s a concern and a sense of worriment that the doctors might not take the right corrective action to help the patient that suffered the seizure. (EEG are the measurement of electrical activity in different parts of the brain). EEG biomarkers are markers that should be able to detect certain IED signals in the brain. IEDs are large intermittent electrophysiological events observed between seizures in patients with epilepsy. IED’s can prove useful in detecting early stages of Epilepsy. When performing an IED’s on patients who have a clear case of epilepsy, they yield a negative EEG. Meaning that the measurement of electrical activity in the patient’s brain is very little. Overall, making it hard to see the IED’s that are clearly present. Some remarks on this were to think that the IEDs were very weak and couldn’t get seen past the exterior of the scalp or to increase the number of EEG’s that were used to help get a better representation of the electrical currents going on in the brain.
Article: Review of EEG-based neurofeedback as a therapeutic intervention to treat depression
Depression, or major depressive disorder (MDD), is a common yet serious psychological illness that negatively affects the way a person feels, thinks, and acts.Depression affects over 120 million people worldwide, and epidemiological studies have estimated the prevalence of depression to be around 10% to 15% in the general population.People with depression show a bias during social processing and interactions, with a tendency to pay more attention to negative aspects of social information.The use of neurofeedback (NF)-based interventions have been reported recently for patients with depression and/or treatment-resistant depression (Lee et al., 2019) even after they have received conventional pharmacotherapeutic methods.In this article, it provide a brief overview of current state-of-the-art neurofeedback systems, focusing on electroencephalogram-based neurofeedback (EEG-NF), and elaborate on the various protocols used in NF studies involving patients with depressive symptoms.EEG signals are categorized into five basic frequency components that represent specific functions of the brain: (1) delta, the person is asleep (0.5–4 Hz); (2) theta, the person is in a drowsy, meditative state (4–8 Hz); (3) alpha, the person is attentive (8–12 Hz); (4) beta, the person is alert (14–30 Hz); and (5) gamma, the person is engaged in higher cognitive function (30–100 Hz).The studies were screened to ensure that they met the following criteria: (1) were clinical or randomized empirical trials; (2) involved depression, MDD, or treatment-resistant depression; (3) included participants older than 18 years; (4) involved EEG-NF; and (5) were published between 2010 and 2020 in English.
